[CN-585] Update operator deployment step (#70)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/get-started.adoc

== Step 1. Deploy Hazelcast Platform Operator

> Starting from the Hazelcast Platform Operator 5.6.0, a Helm chart is available to install the operator. It is available from the Hazelcast Helm Charts repository and can be added to your Helm repository list by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From release 5.6.0 onwards, you can use a Helm chart to install the Hazelcast Platform Operator. 

. Add the link:https://github.com/hazelcast/charts[Hazelcast Helm Charts repository] to your Helm repository list by running the following command:
```
I'd suggest add a number to each step in the process.

[source,shell]
----
helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast-charts.s3.amazonaws.com/
helm repo update
----

> === Deploy the Hazelcast Platform Operator and the CRDs together

Reviewer: We don't really use headings under steps. I'd suggest adding a numbered step and then two substeps, something like this...

. Deploy the Hazelcast Platform Operator. You can either deploy the Hazelcast Platform Operator at the same time as CRDs are separately. Deploying CRDs separately avoids installing any cluster-scoped resources.
.. Run the following command to.....
.. Run the following command to

. Add the link:https://github.com/hazelcast/charts[Hazelcast Helm Charts repository] to your Helm repository list by running the following command:

+
[source,shell]
----
helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast-charts.s3.amazonaws.com/
helm repo update
----

. You can either deploy the Hazelcast Platform Operator at the same time as CRDs or separately.

+
NOTE: Since CRDs are global resources, they may need to be installed by an administrator.

.. Run the following command to *deploy the operator and the CRDs together*

+
[source,shell]
----
helm install operator hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator --set installCRDs=true
----

.. Run the following commands to *deploy the operator and the CRDs separately*

+
[source,shell]
----
helm install operator-crds hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-crds
----

+
After installing CRDs, the operator can be installed by running the following command:

+
[source,shell]
----
helm install operator hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator
----

+
. Monitor the operator logs
+
At this point, the Hazelcast Platform Operator should be up and running. You can check it with the command below.
+

> [source,shell]

Reviewer 2: I think we should add an Openshift tab here, as we discussed.

Author: Sure, I forgot to re-add it.

> Finally, run the command below to delete Hazelcast Platform Operator deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run the command below to delete the Hazelcast Platform Operator deployment.
```
